W-14037721-fins 1.9 release (#32)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: financial-services/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

= Release Notes
:fins-version: {page-component-version}

> == 1.9

Reviewer: If you are using the same system for versioning as we use for connectors, you will need to create the new folder for 1.9. Here, the path is still showing 1.8. Maybe you do things differently on the Accelerators side, but if you do, should you update so this path shows 1.9?

*August 31, 2023*

> This use case introduces Thought Machine's Vault Core, which delivers an expanded view into a customer's financial account information by leveraging the Vault Core platform as the source system for the financial data leveraged as part of this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thought Machine's Vault Core delivers an expanded view into a customer's financial account information by leveraging the Vault Core platform as the source system for the financial data.
```

> This use case includes pre-built APIs and templates to unlock data from Vault Core and connect that data to Salesforce Financial Services Cloud as the system of engagement. By using the pre-built assets, customers can accelerate the process of getting critical customer data into Salesforce Financial Services Cloud so that they can access financial account data and the corresponding transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the pre-built APIs and templates to unlock data from Vault Core and connect that data to Salesforce Financial Services Cloud as the system of engagement. Use the pre-built assets, so customers can accelerate the process of getting critical customer data into Salesforce Financial Services Cloud, and then access financial account data and the corresponding transactions.
```
